# CSC522_StockPrice
This code is for CSC 522 at NCSU. It contains the code for the 10K and Stock Price Machine Learning Project

522LinearRegression.py
522MultiupleRegression.py

To run:
1. Put all files in same directory ( including 10Kpercentchange2.csv).
2. Make that directory your working directory.
3. Run "python <filename>" with Python 2.7 to generate results. Must have scikit-learn and pandas.
  
522LinearRegression.py runs a single linear regression at a time.  So the input variables (independent variable) must be changed and the file rerun.  To change variables, just use the column header names (pandas data frames).

522MultiupleRegression.py runs the 5 independent variables (Flesch Reading Ease and the sentiment analysis variables) through a multiple regression.


RunKNNClassifier.py
RunKNNRegressor.py
RunKNNClassifierLOOCVSingle.py
RunKNNRegressorLOOCVSingle.py

To run:
1. Put everything in the same directory  ( inclusing alldata.csv).
2. Make that directory your working directory.
3. Run "python <filename>" with Python 3 to generate results.

RunKNNClassifier.py runs the randomization algorithm on a KNN classifier with 10-fold cross validation to try to find weights for attributes. It prints out the best accuracy and weights for the run.

RunKNNRegressor.py runs the randomization algorithm on a KNN regressor with 10-fold cross validation to try to find weights for attributes. It prints out the best MSE and weights for the run.

RunKNNClassifierLOOCVSingle.py runs the leave-one-out cross validation on the KNN classifier. This script expects the user to already have weights put into the "weights = []" list. For the best results, these weights should be generated by a combination of "RunKNNClassifier.py" runs.

RunKNNRegressorLOOCVSingle.py runs the leave-one-out cross validation on the KNN regressor. This script expects the user to already have weights put into the "weights = []" list. For the best results, these weights should be generated by a combination of "RunKNNRegressor.py" runs.

decisiontree.py - Info and instructions Below

This program imports a csv file of the stock data, builds a decision tree, and outputs the accuracy of the
decision tree along with the columns of the file that was used to calculate that accuracy. Volatility and
price trends will always be incorporated in the decision tree, however different combinations of scoring
systems for readability and sentiment are tested. The program tests these combinations for every tree
max depth between 3 and 30, and outputs the max depth that was used to calculate the highest
accuracy. Only the highest calculated accuracy will be shown in the output. The program also outputs
the accuracy of the tree if all attributes and the same max depth was used. Simply save the csv
containing the stock data to your directory and run the program to view these statistics.
